Size info warning and removal instructions (#1248)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/welcome-guide/setup/installing-linux.md

    * `<path_to_deb_package>`: The path where you downloaded the deb package. Example: `~/Downloads`.
    * `<debian_package_name>`: The name of the package. Example: `O3DE_2111_1.deb`.

>     {{< known-issue >}}
>     If removing and installing the package, you may observe a warning like the following:
>         ```shell
>         W: Repository is broken: o3de:amd64 (= 21.11.1) has no Size information
>         ```
>     This is a [bug](https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/-/merge_requests/177) in apt that has already been fixed. The warning should go away once your current Linux distribution takes the fix.
>     The issue is a warning and does not affect installing or removing.
>     {{< /known-issue >}}

Reviewer: There is a formatting issue to solve here. It's tricky because of the shortcode. It's extra tricky because the known-issue shortcode is currently broken. LOL. (I'm fixing it in a separate PR.)

I tested the following correction on my local build:

You'll have to remove the "/" in front of the shell code fencing below. I don't know how to escape the fencing when adding the suggestion (if GitHub even supports that).
```suggestion
    {{< known-issue link="https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/-/merge_requests/177" >}}
If removing and installing the package, you may observe a warning like the following:

/```shell
    W: Repository is broken: o3de:amd64 (= 21.11.1) has no Size information
/```

This is a bug in apt that has already been fixed. The warning should go away once your current Linux distribution takes the fix. The issue is a warning and does not affect installing or removing.
    {{< /known-issue >}}
```

Author: ok, corrected it

```shell
/opt/O3DE/2111_1/bin/Linux/profile/Default/o3de
```

## Removing O3DE

1. Run apt to remove o3de:
    ```shell
    sudo apt remove o3de
    ```

>     An output like the following will be displayed:

Reviewer: Seems kinda odd that after issuing a remove command, it says "Package o3de is not installed, so not removed", especially when the output from the install said "The following NEW packages will be installed: o3de".

I'm no Linux expert, but is this correct and expected? If so, perhaps it's worth pointing this out and reassuring the casual Linux user?

Author: oh, great catch, this was the output after removing it twice, updating
